good since here you have the video of
of the Republic of Samsung Galaxy 3 here
we were selling now
well the box is identical as you can
watch
precisely electric puts samsung here
and well let's show it this is mine
so I already have it on and two
here you have the cover with which it comes
protected and you can not see because I already
I had it on
good
is new and as you can see the quality and
the sharpness that it has apart from putting
samsung also that puts it there
take it from the air gesture the sensor
movement
if I can do it because new
Oh
perfect and good then you have to play
this has the menu exactly like
the samsung as you can see exactly all
identical applications has the same
one ram giga 16gb ram expandable
with sd cards
and the quad-core processors or
be that
performance will not miss us
we are going to pay it for you to see
that lights up like the samsung
not only here
As you can see, the logo of
samsung very fast as very fast we have
very fast off they turn on too
here you can see now I 'm going to put
what was turned on there was samsung
galaxy note 3 samsung is very fast as
you can see turn on very fast
and well I think it 's the most
identical and more exact
at least that I have had in my hand
is identical identical here you can see the
manual inside the box
and good I feel the box well
charger as long as you put samsung
headphones and other battery os
I recommend that you buy a battery
original because they tend to be better
this can last a day
or even less but according to the
performance that you give
but
better an original battery if you can and
If not then with two batteries it is
perfect